Add collectionview docs - first part (#762)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/collectionview/grouping/delegate-group-descriptor.md

---
title: Delegate Group Descriptor
page_title: .NET MAUI CollectionView Documentation - Delegate Group Descriptor
description: Review the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI CollectionView DelegateGroupDescriptor option which enables you to group by a custom key.
position: 2
slug: collectionview-delegate-group-descriptor
tags: group, collectionview, groupdescriptor, dotnet maui, maui, grouping items
---

# .NET MAUI CollectionView Delegate Group Descriptor

> The `CollectionViewDelegateGroupDescriptor` enables you to group by a custom key (for example, some complex expression combining two or more properties) instead of being limited by the value of a single property. This descriptor exposes the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CollectionViewDelegateGroupDescriptor` enables you to group the CollectionView items by a custom key (for example, some complex expression combining two or more properties) instead of by the value of a single property. This descriptor exposes the following properties:
```
